task: Added Helm chart for Unleash-Edge. (#67)
Unleash/helm-charts: charts/unleash-edge/README.md

# Unleash Edge

> Unleash Edge offers a way to use Unleash in client-side applications, such as single page and native apps. It also offers a way to offload a main Unleash server, so that not every client refresh is a database operation.

Reviewer: Would this be a good way to put it?

```suggestion
Unleash Edge offers a way to use Unleash in client-side applications, such as single page and native apps. It can also be used for server-side applications, taking the place of the main Unleash server. This has the added benefit of not triggering database operations for every client refresh.
```

> See the [reference documentation](https://github.com/unleash/unleash-edge/) for more on the reasons why you might want to deploy Edge in your cluster.

Reviewer: Do we want to point to the docs or to github here? I'm fine with either (since they're the same content), but just want to make sure it's intentional.

# Unleash Edge

Unleash Edge offers a way to use Unleash in client-side applications, such as single page and native apps. It can also be used for server-side applications, taking the place of the main Unleash server. This has the added benefit of not triggering database operations for every client refresh.

See the [reference documentation](https://docs.getunleash.io/reference/unleash-edge) for more on the reasons why you might want to deploy Edge in your cluster.

This chart bootstraps an [Unleash Edge](https://github.com/Unleash/unleash-edge) deployment on a [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) cluster using the [Helm](https://helm.sh) package manager.

No extra configuration is needed besides pointing edge to an Upstream URL.

## Prerequisites

- Kubernetes 1.23+
- Helm 3+

## Get Repository Info

```console
helm repo add unleash https://docs.getunleash.io/helm-charts
helm repo update
```

_See [the helm repository docs](https://helm.sh/docs/helm/helm_repo/) for command documentation._

## Install Chart

```console

> helm install unleash-edge unleash/unleash-edge

Reviewer 2: Should this be `unleashorg/unleash-edge`? Just based on this: https://github.com/Unleash/helm-charts/pull/67/files#diff-d2fc3416f6ac8a6efde1032344d7d971f1e82003f21bdd03ffe2c87e9aea14c7R9

Author: No. It's a fair question, but that address has nothing to do with the docker image (which is the unleashorg/) and everything to do with the `repo add` command run earlier. We ran it with the argument `helm repo add unleash https://...` where the first argument to add is the name we want our helm repository to have.
